As well? Should I assume that you, too, are not unfamiliar with the wonderful world of stock exchange?/So you’re one of the Walruses, eh? I’m Alexander von Goldmoney. Investor, and former politician. Tell me, Theodore, is the Old man Walrus still as tough as they say? Not giving an inch to these despicable socialistic tendencies that are so prevalent in our society these days./I’m certainly glad to hear that such reason still exists in these most difficult of times. He’s a good man, your father. But pleasantries aside, I’m sure you had some other things in mind than just a little small talk./I knew you were looking for something, I could see it in your eyes. Well, I do in fact have something, but between friends, I wouldn’t invest my own money in it if I were you/I have founded a joint investment club. The idea is that you invest through us, and we as experts invest your precious savings using our expertise. The catch is, that if your investment turns profitable, we’ll have a percentage from that, and if it doesn’t, well we’re not responsible for that./Obviously, but these days everyone reads crazy paranoid bs in the internet every day, and thinks that the only reliable people are the ones from outside established organizations. You know, the ones you know nothing about and who could be anyone. People are gullible as fuck, Theodore, and if you’re convincing enough, they’ll do anything for you./I’m way too known a figure for the public as I used to be the prime minister. I’d be instantly singled out as someone who is part of the old elite, which I am of course. I need someone who’s not as well known, who can talk to normal people, but who also seems like a convincing businessman. I think you fit the description, Theodore./I need you to find me two idiots to invest in my latest risky endeavour. If you’ll manage to do it, I’m sure you’ll have plenty of opportunities in my company afterwards./It’s a chinese company that’s trying to circumvent the new environmental legislation by making oil out of panda bears. Apparently there’s some kind of loophole that makesit legal and exempt of taxes. Try to sell this as a green and ecological choice somehow, that’s what makes everyone crazy these days. And get me those two idiots!
Excuse me sir, but I couldn’t help but notice you’re in the investment business as well/That would be correct. My name is Theodore Walrus, son of Heinrich Walrus, and despite my young age, I can assure you, I know a thing or two about stocks/I can assure you, good sir, that he is in fact a great deal tougher than what they make him look like in the papers. These days even powerful men have to be careful in what they say, it’s a shame really./Well sir, I’m constantly looking for good business opportunities. Never stay still, always be on the lookout for something new. That’s what my father told me ever since I was young/What do you mean by that?/Oh yes, the good old taking-all-your-money-and-gambling-with-it scheme. But isn’t that what every bank does these days?/Okay, that does sound reasonable. So what do you want me to do, if you don’t want my money?/I’m pleased to hear you see it that way, mr. Goldmoney. So what is it that you need me to do?/That doesn’t sound too difficult. What does the company do?
Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Quit