Teddy! It’s definitely been a while! What on earth are you doing in a place like this? I thought you were all about business, and making money, and networking with important people and stuff/You lost all your money, didn’t you?/Oh well, whatever it is, I’m glad to see you again. How have you been? And how’s the family, daddy still trying to find ways to make life worse for us less fortunate ones?/Wow, sounds like you’ve been up to some serious soul-searching lately. What about music, remember how we used to play and people would go wild? D’you still have that golden voice you were so famous for back then?/Hey, you know what? I just got a crazy idea! They have an open mic tonight at this bar around midnight. What do you say, should we try it tonight? You sing and play the guitar, I’ll take the drums. Just like in the old days!/You know, Jartsa usually hangs somewhere around the railway station. He doesn’t have a phone so it’s hard to reach him, but he’s always out during friday nights, so you might actually be able to bump into him. Tell you what, if you manage to get Jartsa here to play with us, we’ll play. Deal?/Awesome! And if you don’t find him, just come back to drink. I’ll be here all night, that’s for sure!
Hippi-Heikki! Is that you?/Well, you know, to be honest I’m not sure if I’m all about them anymore./I did, but it’s not that. It’s just this feeling I’ve had for a some time now. I’m starting to feel that I’ve made some mistakes in my life./You know daddy, he’s doing what he knows best. I’m fine I guess. Now when I’m thinking about it, I haven’t really done anything worth telling stories about during all these years. I’ve been busy just making money and getting to know people just to use them to make more money./Oh yes, those were the times! I might grab the guitar and sing something from time to time, but it doesn’t go further than that, really. I think I still have it, though./Sounds like it could be fun, but it just wouldn’t feel right without Jartsa, our bass player/Deal! I should get going looking for Jartsa then!
Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Quit
