Howdy, howdy. What do you want?/I'm good, thanks. Just waiting for a friend. That sonofabitch is late, as usual/Are you trying to say something? Go on./Whoa, that's so accurate it's scary! I am just like that. You won't believe how many times I would have struck gold if my friends or my stupid wife wouldn't have talked me out from “risky” investments. It's not easy being a genius investor if no one believes in you./Really? That sounds like something that I could use to show my wife.. I mean to succeed! But wait, this is not some scheme by the elite to just get my money? Who are you guys exactly?/You said it! I'm so sick of hearing all these fake news everyday! Even my doctor resorted to fake news when he told me I'd have to quit eating steak at every meal. And my wife believed him even after I showed her this website that told me all the doctors are just part of a global conspiracy to.. well they were up to something!/Hell yeah, count me in! I have a feeling that my wife is gonna be real surprised.
Just wanted to know how you're doing./I know, right? I have friends like that, too. Never on time, but that's just how some people are. Myself, I prefer to be on time. Sometimes you lose good opportunities if you're not around early enough, if you know what I mean./You know, when I saw you I thought: there's someone who's destined for great things. Someone who knows how to cease the moment, even if envious people around him try to tell him his plans are not realistic. Am I right?/Well you're in luck my friend! My name is Teddy, umm, Jackson, and I represent the Golden Money investor's club. Right now we're looking for just a couple more investors to invest in an incredible new business overseas. What we really need is brave people who are willing to cease the moment. People like.. you./Ah, don't you worry my friend. We have no ties to politics or establishment. We're completely obscure, which obviously means we're reliable doesn't it? I mean maybe we have ambiguous connections to Russian politicians or Mexican Cartels, but hey, it's just what the media writes about us. And the media is fake news, right?/Wise words, my friend. I can see that you're a true free thinking individual. At Golden Money Investment Club, we need exactly your kind of gullible idiots.. I mean independent thinkers! So what do you say, are you ready to take on the greatest streak of winning of your life?/Excellent.
Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Quit