Hah, you must have something wrong with your eyes. I haven’t been pretty for a while now. At least not after my little monsters were born and my husband hit the road./You’re being very kind, thank you. What’s your story by the way, going to a party tonight?/Is that so? I guess that’s why you started talking with me then, isn’t it?/I’m sure that was your motivation *laughs* Well tell me about this incredible opportunity then. What’s it all about?/That sounds incredible! The environment has always been close to my heart, but it’s difficult to find companies to invest in, that wouldn’t be all about destroying it./Whoa, that really sent shivers down my spine. I’m really touched to learn that there are such good people out there fighting for nature. How can I get in? I have some savings that I’ve meant to invest for some time now./Great! I’m so happy to have met you. May the Earth Mother look after you!
Hey there, pretty lady! How are you tonight?/Oh but I have to disagree. And besides, in my mind there’s hardly anything more respectable than a single mother selflessly looking after her children. I think you could maybe be a bit more proud about yourself./Actually I’m looking for people to join an incredible business venture. So you could say that I’m working, although right now in the middle of a friday night, it sure doesn’t feel like it/Oh no, that wasn’t the reason. I just wanted to know how a beautiful young lady like yourself is doing./Well since you asked, it’s quite incredible, really. It’s a new company that specialises in.. responsible environmental practices. Yes, that’s it. Nature is what they stand for (or that’s what the company’s name means in chinese, at least). Can you believe that they’re going to be possibly the first company operating in China, that doesn’t have to pay a single dollar for the new environment tax! That’s how green they are./It’s sad but true. Very few people care about anything else than their profit. We only have this one planet, and still we keep destroying it. It really is heartbreaking. Sometimes, late at night, I might even shed a tear for all those innocent creatures in the rainforests that didn’t get the chance to exist. Us, however, we’re among those few who care. That’s why we founded this investment club; to provide a responsible alternative. I believe Mother Earth deserves it!/Here’s my card. Call this number on monday, and we’ll set up a meeting.
Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Continue/Quit